AMP-126786 mention user and group props sync in data warehouse source setup (#580)
amplitude/amplitude-docs: content/collections/source-catalog/en/bigquery.md

With Amplitude's BigQuery integration, you can ingest BigQuery data directly into your Amplitude project.

{{partial:admonition type="note" title="BigQuery Import for Google Analytics 4"}}

> Amplitude supports a version of BigQuery Import specifically for GA4. To read about that, [see here](https://amplitude.com/docs/data/source-catalog/ga4). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amplitude supports a version of BigQuery Import specifically for GA4. For more information, see [Google Analytics 4 Import](/docs/data/source-catalog/ga4). 
```
